# 2012 考研英语二 阅读理解

## Text 1

Homework has never been terribly popular with students and even many parents, but in recent years it has been particularly scorned. School districts across the country, most recently Los Angeles Unified, are revising their thinking on this educational ritual. Unfortunately, L.A. Unified has produced an inflexible policy which mandates that with the exception of some advanced courses, homework may no longer count for more than 10% of a student’s academic grade.

This rule is meant to address the difficulty that students from impoverished or chaotic homes might have in completing their homework. But the policy is unclear and contradictory. Certainly, no homework should be assigned that students cannot complete on their own or that they cannot do without expensive equipment. But if the district is essentially giving a pass to students who do not do their homework because of complicated family lives, it is going riskily close to the implication that standards need to be lowered for poor children.

District administrators say that homework will still be a part of schooling; teachers are allowed to assign as much of it as they want. But with homework counting for no more than 10% of their grades, students can easily skip half their homework and see very little difference on their report cards. Some students might do well on state tests without completing their homework, but what about the students who performed well on the tests and did their homework? It is quite possible that the homework helped. Yet rather than empowering teachers to find what works best for their students, the policy imposes a flat, across-the-board rule.

At the same time, the policy addresses none of the truly thorny questions about homework. If the district finds homework to be unimportant to its students’ academic achievement, it should move to reduce or eliminate the assignments, not make them count for almost nothing. Conversely, if homework matters, it should account for a significant portion of the grade. Meanwhile, this policy does nothing to ensure that the homework students receive is meaningful or appropriate to their age and the subject, or that teachers are not assigning more than they are willing to review and correct.

The homework rules should be put on hold while the school board, which is responsible for setting educational policy, looks into the matter and conducts public hearings. It is not too late for L.A. Unified to do homework right.

21\. It is implied in Paragraph 1 that nowadays homework _____.  
&emsp;[A] is receiving more criticism  
&emsp;[B] is gaining more preferences  
&emsp;[C] is no longer an educational ritual  
&emsp;[D] is not required for advanced courses

22\. L.A. Unified has made the rule about homework mainly because poor students _____.  
&emsp;[A] tend to have moderate expectations for their education  
&emsp;[B] have asked for a different educational standard  
&emsp;[C] may have problems finishing their homework  
&emsp;[D] have voiced their complaints about homework

23\. According to Paragraph 3, one problem with the policy is that it may _____.  
&emsp;[A] result in students’ indifference to their report cards  
&emsp;[B] undermine the authority of state tests  
&emsp;[C] restrict teachers’ power in education  
&emsp;[D] discourage students from doing homework

24\. As mentioned in Paragraph 4, a key question unanswered about homework is whether _____.  
&emsp;[A] it should be eliminated  
&emsp;[B] it counts much in schooling  
&emsp;[C] it places extra burdens on teachers  
&emsp;[D] it is important for grades

25\. A suitable title for this text could be _____.  
&emsp;[A] A Faulty Approach to Homework  
&emsp;[B] A Welcomed Policy for Poor Students  
&emsp;[C] Thorny Questions about Homework  
&emsp;[D] Wrong Interpretations of an Educational Policy

---

## Text 2

Pretty in pink: adult women do not remember being so obsessed with the colour, yet it is pervasive in our young girls’ lives. It is not that pink is intrinsically bad, but it is such a tiny slice of the rainbow and, though it may celebrate girlhood in one way, it also repeatedly and firmly fuses girls’ identity to appearance. Then it presents that connection, even among two-year-olds, between girls as not only innocent but as evidence of innocence. Looking around, I despaired at the singular lack of imagination about girls’ lives and interests.

Girls’ attraction to pink may seem unavoidable, somehow encoded in their DNA, but according to Jo Paoletti, an associate professor of American Studies, it is not. Children were not colour-coded at all until the early 20th century: in the era before domestic washing machines all babies wore white as a practical matter, since the only way of getting clothes clean was to boil them. What’s more, both boys and girls wore what were thought of as gender-neutral dresses. When nursery colours were introduced, pink was actually considered the more masculine colour, a pastel version of red, which was associated with strength. Blue, with its intimations of the Virgin Mary, constancy and faithfulness, symbolised femininity. It was not until the mid-1980s, when amplifying age and sex differences became a dominant children’s marketing strategy, that pink fully came into its own, when it began to seem inherently attractive to girls, part of what defined them as female, at least for the first few critical years.

I had not realised how profoundly marketing trends dictated our perception of what is natural to kids, including our core beliefs about their psychological development. Take the toddler. I assumed that phase was something experts developed after years of research into children’s behaviour: wrong. Turns out, according to Daniel Cook, a historian of childhood consumerism, it was popularised as a marketing trick by clothing manufacturers in the 1930s.

Trade publications counselled department stores that, in order to increase sales, they should create a “third stepping stone” between infant wear and older kids’ clothes. It was only after “toddler” became a common shoppers’ term that it evolved into a broadly accepted developmental stage. Splitting kids, or adults, into ever-tinier categories has proved a sure-fire way to boost profits. And one of the easiest ways to segment a market is to magnify gender differences – or invent them where they did not previously exist.

26\. By saying “it is…the rainbow” (Line 3, Para. 1), the author means pink _____.  
&emsp;[A] cannot explain girls’ lack of imagination  
&emsp;[B] should not be associated with girls’ innocence  
&emsp;[C] should not be the sole representation of girlhood  
&emsp;[D] cannot influence girls’ lives and interests

27\. According to Paragraph 2, which of the following is true of colours?  
&emsp;[A] Colours are encoded in girls’ DNA.  
&emsp;[B] Blue used to be regarded as the colour for girls.  
&emsp;[C] White is preferred by babies.  
&emsp;[D] Pink used to be a neutral colour in symbolising genders.

28\. The author suggests that our perception of children’s psychological development was much influenced by _____.  
&emsp;[A] the observation of children’s nature  
&emsp;[B] the marketing of products for children  
&emsp;[C] researches into children’s behaviour  
&emsp;[D] studies of childhood consumption

29\. We may learn from Paragraph 4 that department stores were advised to _____.  
&emsp;[A] classify consumers into smaller groups  
&emsp;[B] attach equal importance to different genders  
&emsp;[C] focus on infant wear and older kids’ clothes  
&emsp;[D] create some common shoppers’ terms

30\. It can be concluded that girls’ attraction to pink seems to be _____.  
&emsp;[A] fully understood by clothing manufacturers  
&emsp;[B] clearly explained by their inborn tendency  
&emsp;[C] mainly imposed by profit-driven businessmen  
&emsp;[D] well interpreted by psychological experts

---

## Text 3

In 2010, a federal judge shook America’s biotech industry to its core. Companies had won patents for isolated DNA for decades – by 2005 some 20% of human genes were patented. But in March 2010 a judge ruled that genes were unpatentable. Executives were violently agitated. The Biotechnology Industry Organisation (BIO), a trade group, assured members that this was just a “preliminary step” in a longer battle.

On July 29th they were relieved, at least temporarily. A federal appeals court overturned the prior decision, ruling that Myriad Genetics could indeed hold patents to two genes that help forecast a woman’s risk of breast cancer. The chief executive of Myriad, a company in Utah, said the ruling was a blessing to firms and patients alike.

But as companies continue their attempts at personalised medicine, the courts will remain rather busy. The Myriad case itself is probably not over. Critics make three main arguments against gene patents: a gene is a product of nature, so it may not be patented; gene patents suppress innovation rather than reward it; and patents’ monopolies restrict access to genetic tests such as Myriad’s. A growing number seem to agree. Last year a federal task-force urged reform for patents related to genetic tests. In October the Department of Justice filed a brief in the Myriad case, arguing that an isolated DNA molecule “is no less a product of nature…than are cotton fibres that have been separated from cotton seeds.”

Despite the appeals court’s decision, big questions remain unanswered. For example, it is unclear whether the sequencing of a whole genome violates the patents of individual genes within it. The case may yet reach the Supreme Court.

As the industry advances, however, other suits may have an even greater impact. Companies are unlikely to file many more patents for human DNA molecules – most are already patented or in the public domain. Firms are now studying how genes interact, looking for correlations that might be used to determine the causes of disease or predict a drug’s efficacy. Companies are eager to win patents for “connecting the dots,” explains Hans Sauer, a lawyer for the BIO.

Their success may be determined by a suit related to this issue, brought by the Mayo Clinic, which the Supreme Court will hear in its next term. The BIO recently held a convention which included sessions to coach lawyers on the shifting landscape for patents. Each meeting was packed.

31\. It can be learned from Paragraph 1 that the biotech companies would like _____.  
&emsp;[A] genes to be patentable  
&emsp;[B] the BIO to issue a warning  
&emsp;[C] their executives to be active  
&emsp;[D] judges to rule out gene patenting

32\. Those who are against gene patents believe that _____.  
&emsp;[A] genetic tests are not reliable  
&emsp;[B] only man-made products are patentable  
&emsp;[C] patents on genes depend much on innovation  
&emsp;[D] courts should restrict access to genetic tests

33\. According to Hans Sauer, companies are eager to win patents for _____.  
&emsp;[A] discovering gene interactions  
&emsp;[B] establishing disease correlations  
&emsp;[C] drawing pictures of genes  
&emsp;[D] identifying human DNA

34\. By saying “Each meeting was packed” (Line 4, Para. 6), the author means that _____.  
&emsp;[A] the supreme court was authoritative  
&emsp;[B] the BIO was a powerful organisation  
&emsp;[C] gene patenting was a great concern  
&emsp;[D] lawyers were keen to attend conventions

35\. Generally speaking, the author’s attitude toward gene patenting is _____.  
&emsp;[A] critical  
&emsp;[B] supportive  
&emsp;[C] scornful  
&emsp;[D] objective

---

## Text 4

The great recession may be over, but this era of high joblessness is probably beginning. Before it ends, it will likely change the life course and character of a generation of young adults. And ultimately, it is likely to reshape our politics, our culture, and the character of our society for years.

No one tries harder than the jobless to find silver linings in this national economic disaster. Many said that unemployment, while extremely painful, had improved them in some ways: they had become less materialistic and more financially prudent; they were more aware of the struggles of others. In limited respects, perhaps the recession will leave society better off. At the very least, it has awoken us from our national fever dream of easy riches and bigger houses, and put a necessary end to an era of reckless personal spending.

But for the most part, these benefits seem thin, uncertain, and far off. In The *Moral Consequences of Economic Growth*, the economic historian Benjamin Friedman argues that both inside and outside the U.S., lengthy periods of economic stagnation or decline have almost always left society more mean-spirited and less inclusive, and have usually stopped or reversed the advance of rights and freedoms. Anti-immigrant sentiment typically increases, as does conflict between races and classes.

Income inequality usually falls during a recession, but it has not shrunk in this one. Indeed, this period of economic weakness may reinforce class divides, and decrease opportunities to cross them – especially for young people. The research of Till Von Wachter, the economist at Columbia University, suggests that not all people graduating into a recession see their life chances dimmed: those with degrees from elite universities catch up fairly quickly to where they otherwise would have been if they had graduated in better times; it is the masses beneath them that are left behind.

In the Internet age, it is particularly easy to see the resentment that has always been hidden within American society. More difficult, in the moment, is discerning precisely how these lean times are affecting society’s character. In many respects, the U.S. was more socially tolerant entering this recession than at any time in its history, and a variety of national polls on social conflict since then have shown mixed results. We will have to wait and see exactly how these hard times will reshape our social fabric. But they certainly will reshape it, and all the more so the longer they extend.

36\. By saying “to find silver linings” (Line 1, Para. 2) the author suggests that the jobless try to _____.  
&emsp;[A] seek subsidies from the government  
&emsp;[B] make profits from the troubled economy  
&emsp;[C] explore reasons for the unemployment  
&emsp;[D] look on the bright side of the recession

37\. According to Paragraph 2, the recession has made people _____.  
&emsp;[A] struggle against each other  
&emsp;[B] realize the national dream  
&emsp;[C] challenge their prudence  
&emsp;[D] reconsider their lifestyle

38\. Benjamin Friedman believes that economic recessions may _____.  
&emsp;[A] impose a heavier burden on immigrants  
&emsp;[B] bring out more evils of human nature  
&emsp;[C] promote the advance of rights and freedoms  
&emsp;[D] ease conflicts between races and classes

39\. The research of Till Von Wachter suggests that in the recession graduates from elite universities tend to _____.  
&emsp;[A] lag behind the others due to decreased opportunities  
&emsp;[B] catch up quickly with experienced employees  
&emsp;[C] see their life chances as dimmed as the others’  
&emsp;[D] recover more quickly than the others

40\. The author thinks that the influence of hard times on society is _____.  
&emsp;[A] trivial  
&emsp;[B] positive  
&emsp;[C] certain  
&emsp;[D] destructive
